hey everybody it is Thursday August 22nd
I'm just here with some protocol updates
so the baseline we shipped this week
which I'm really excited about is adding
some metrics that are gonna allow us to
better understand user behavior which
will help us shape the content that we
build in the future so we've done a few
things we switched our analytics for the
site from Google Analytics to a system
called countly which addresses a lot of
privacy concerns and the other thing
we've done as part of that transition is
made it possible even though we build
protocol and view which is a single page
application made it possible for the
system now to distinguish between the
things we think of as pages so we can
tell the difference between specific
lessons what tutorials someone is on and
then starting from there in addition to
the normal things you'd expect like page
views we're also now taking note when
someone completes a lesson or a tutorial
we're tracking specific events not not
down to the detail of who that person is
but making sure we know how many people
for example have had to reset the code
on a specific lesson or have submitted
code that's wrong compared to how many
times they've submitted code that's
right those kinds of things so let's
just give you a quick look at click look
at some examples of the kinds of things
we could see here this data is actually
mostly test dated because this has only
been live for a few days but this will
help to just see the kinds of things we
can look at so for example on the left
here you have tutorials tests you can
see for example this many people have
passed the basics tutorial versus the
data structures versus the mutable file
system and in this case it's not
necessarily popularity it could be just
how many people can manage to succeed
passing them but that's useful
information for us we also have the
ability to look at just a specific
tutorial so for example this one was
taken using the blog tutorial and look
at the number of people who have passed
each specific lesson within that
tutorials so you might see for example
that you know lessons one through six
were passed evenly and then there was a
big drop off for less than seven so
something in lesson seven is too hard
it's kind of kind of data we're trying
to look for that it's actionable these
are some more of those lesson past ones
we can look at the wrong choices that
people have made actually have a better
view of this elsewhere but we have set
it up so that we can see that if the the
right answer for a particular multiple
choice option is the the second one in
the list we can see that the most
popular wrong answer was number one or
number three in the list just to give us
a better sense of like what those common
misperceptions are we can this is a the
best view of it but we can compare the
numbers of folks who are passing failed
code or wrong multiple-choice answers or
resetting the code compared to how often
they pass a certain lesson again to give
us a sense of how hard fat content is we
can look at this is just a different
format of who's passed by a specific
path we can look at our new users with
you know will usually see spikes around
lunches or events so we might see a
spike from a certain area of the world
when a specific chapter was hosted
meaning specific lessons that are passed
and we also have the ability to see heat
maps of where people are clicking on the
screen we can see scroll maps to see how
far down a page someone looks all of
this helps us build better content so
we're really excited to to take that as
we plan our next content and see what's
popular what's working well for people
where we might need to put time into
fixing up the the lesson content to make
it easier for people to pass lessons all
that kind of stuff what am i missed here
do go oh yeah thank you a parody pretty
much so really this is just not well
it's basically or for us but
if you guys want to create a new
tutorial we may probably share some
analytics with you to check if your new
tutorial has been having an engagement
or not a lot of what you can tweak or
not so this helps friends too yeah I
think what we're likely to do is kind of
set a regular schedule for looking at
the data and kind of analyzing how
things are going with different
tutorials stuff yeah so that's the big
thing we're excited we've been working
on this for for many weeks at different
different folks do go and I both did a
lot of this work thing we had help from
Holly who helped us set up the countly
instance and they go together
Amane switched over so we're really
happy to have this ready to help
influence future decisions and help us
see how many people are taking advantage
of the site in general and then do you
or do you want to share the project you
can working on this week yeah I can talk
a bit about it
I'm not going to crochet my screen and
yeah but we're trying to to create a new
feature it's a bit under the hood we
don't want it to to be something that
you guys are always having to do it's
basically create renaming add new
material because right now how
everything is hooked up we have lots of
ways of how we can check the tutorial
name tutorial applies into the titles
the best there there are a lot of
strings that make products cool work
let's put it that way and for example if
you guys to meet in the tutorial and it
gets upset accepted and it gets
published right now we don't have any
way to change the names for example the
tutorial names tutorial name and you
have then the short name and the beds
you can easily change that and the main
reason for that I'd say it's as you guys
know we have like progress in carrasco
the user can see which license he
already passed which is still on
progress and we saved their gold and
everything like that right now if we try
to change a tutorial name basically it's
like as me if the user has
never attached a tutorial so he comes
back to photo school he goes to your
tutorial and he says if it's new right
now we're working on a tool to migrate
everything so how how it works right now
is we we said everything on local search
the cache though then what about license
the user face or not right now we're
building a tool that allows you to
rename the tutorial that is renaming the
the back end the tutorial name so that
step is a bit simpler you just now
choose a URL and get derived to a short
name and apart from that we're migrating
all the local storage and you want to
change a tutorial name so now you're
able to change the name or tutorial
change last lesson titles and when the
user comes to school everything is as it
were before so he has progress on your
tutorial it will still be quick so it's
a bit hard to explain it will be easier
in the evening we're working on that but
keep in mind as I said it's not a
feature that we want people to always be
using we don't want you to just omit
tutorial and say being wanting to rename
it so but it's nice to have yeah
definitely I think this is going to be a
something that's infrequently used but
it kind of positions us for future
growth and the fact that we might look
back and realize we made a mistake in
the way we named something but we don't
want to disrupt the user experience so
this lets us deal with a bunch of stuff
under the hood make sure the user can
can keep track of their progress which
is one of the things we really like
about the platform so thanks for all
your work on this Diego and for anyone
here who hasn't heard your ghost leaving
the project at the end of the week you
Ramon says something else fun so it's
been awesome working with you very happy
to have had all of your health and let's
see anything else you wanted to update
anyone on yoga I don't think so we made
as almost every week
I always do some small things that's a
little surf yet yeah they're not really
worth showing it but at least you guys
know we're always yeah I guess the other
thing that I started doing which is very
much a work in progress is adding we
have the instructions for building a
tutorial in terms of do this to this
file do that to that file here's how you
validate your code but the thing that
we've been missing is like what makes a
good tutorial like breaking down
concepts into little chunks or using
accessible vocabulary those kinds of
tips that's something that's been
missing so I'm work you know and
building out documentation to add to the
remainder of file next to it or
something um that will give people good
tips there so that's something that's
coming up and the next thing that I'm
working on is looking at the various
content from my PFS camp first step is
look at it and see what makes sense to
fit into proto school what formats would
it be how would we chunk out the content
into new lessons or how would we add
some cool diagrams or explanations that
someone used that ipfs camp into an
existing tutorial and so I'm doing that
kind of first facet evaluating things
and then later in the quarter or into
the upcoming quarters will be looking
either myself or any volunteers out
there to take those plans and turn them
into new tutorials I think there's going
to be a lot of great content that came
out of my PFS camp and it's just a
matter of putting in the time to get the
format to work um and certainly there
will also be content from my PFS camp it
doesn't fit well inside of proto school
but that people could use in other
formats right so there there will be
videos of core courses that we can link
to from our resources pages there will
be sessions that don't make sense in
proto school but that may be a leader of
an IP FS meetup or a proto school
chapter might one week want to give a
give a talk not in proto school workshop
format so I think there's gonna be a lot
of material to use there so we're
looking forward to bring any more on
that front um and then also we want to
document a little more of what it's like
to lead a proto school workshop what
works well in terms of who's standing at
the front of the room what you need to
think about
in terms of the equipment that you need
or how many instructors you need prayer
attending or vice versa
so that kind of documentation will end
up living in the organizing repo and
hopefully I can get help from some of my
current chapter leaders to pull all that
stuff together so we're improving
documentation in a number of spaces and
then building all the groundwork for
future contests so kind of stuff we're
working on at the moment I think it's
probably it for today so hope to see
some of you next week oh actually not
next week vacation next week I'll add a
note in finish yeah we'll call off the
meeting because I won't be here here for
other reasons
so first yes Oh perfect
it's a good way to wrap things up so
everyone takes vacation this week from
pro to school and then we'll be back the
first week I'll be back the first week
September so and we'll see you then
everybody yes